if you don't let them go it's kidnapping
here's a better look at the old water
pump
there's the weep hole where the coolant
was leaking out of it the original
gaskets were these aluminum gaskets with
rubber rings inside of them I'm using an
aftermarket pump it has thick paper
gaskets so I'm going to use some black
RTV on both sides of the gaskets
new rubber o-ring I've got a little bit
of black RTV on the water pump where the
thermostat housing connects now I need
to reattach to 10 milliliters
reinstall these hoses
put the AC belt back on
install the idler and the tensioner now
the main drive belt can be reinstalled
put some blue thread Locker on the fan
clutch hump on the front of the water
pump spin it back on tighten it up
replace the fan shroud install the upper
radiator hose
you
now install the air intake duct don't
forget to close the petcock before you
start to refill the coolant fill it up
with mixed Dexcool I've got the
reservoir up just over the full mark I'm
going to start the engine let it idle
for a while with the heater on max
okay I've had the engine running for a
while now I've topped it off quite a few
times
got it full the engines up the
temperature the heats blowing good I'm
going to take it for a drive make sure
it doesn't overheat and I'm going to
make sure that there's no like gurgling
air pockets sound in the heater core and
if everything is good it's finished
okay the gauge never moved I double
check the fluid level it's full we're
done